

((landing page for extension.harvard.edu is all sales, perhaps learn something from their approach to make a website that drives sales of stories/ books/ merch
Keep it simple, fewest clicks to get to what you want them looking at.
))Looking at my writing(and other work) as a product/ something to be sold- how do I sell it? Who is my audience/salesbase? How do I appeal to them? What do they want to see to be drawn into my web of ... erm, salesroom?
Creating boldly is one thing, but one cannot be blind to sales and succeed.

((Saleables- pay the bills/make a living
category 1: impulse buys, frequent sales- easy/quick to make -marketable(cute/funny/unique) -afforadble(bookmarks, pins, etc) low cost on effort(something you make/create, but then actually have someone else produce- like printing books, post cards, book marks, etc- or like linocuts, make the tough part 1x and make the replication easy)
category 2: passion project- slower sales, more in depth, personally enriching, longer time to make. Price appropriately(min living wage in your area + materials)
))

What can I deliver easily/ replicably? (What are my selling points? -cute, scary, deep, mythology magic system, 





I'm into a lot of things, so it will need strong organization to not seem a jumble. The obvious answer is to focus on writing, but that's not all of what I want to have on the site.
Major sections/ ideas to find ways to combine in logical but non-standard ways:

Writing
	Literature by genre(SFFH)
	Gaming(RPG/D&D) -modules, rules, NPCs, items
	Gaming Concordance(like PH)
	Gaming(video games, if I ever get this off the ground)

Art
	By genre
		painting
		linocut/printing
		sculpture(plastic/wood/found)
		fiber(crochet/knit)
	By subject
		tied to my books (galleries, eventually, of scenes, characters, items, locales)
		RPG/maps and as w/my books for games
		nature(plants, animals, landscapes, space, machines, etc)
	
Union-
	RPG crochet(like Shambling Mound- pics of it, perhaps patterns)		
	RPG/Book maps/covers
	Comics



Links to:
Facebook/Facebook Author page
Patreon
TikTok
Twitter
IMDB
ISFDB
Venmo

OR: Organize by content area(world, where applicable) rather than the art/craft?


(Port over blog so it's not just orphaned)

GOALS:
Attract readers/viewers/players and give them a portal to always find(buy) my new work coming out, look back over the old stuff(bibliography) to find things they missed, perhaps buy ebooks/audiobooks, linocut prints or other goods.
To be a web presense whenever someone wants to find me/ learn what I'm up to, where I'll be when I go places like the renfaire or signings.


APPEARANCE:
engaging, with little hooks everywhere encouraging continued exploration, perhaps hidden puzzles, stories, images that periodically change

THEME:
Museum (portraits on the hallway wall, items in cases, may be clickable to get to things)
Library Books on shelves. ends of shelving units may open into new space, new works and galleries, like character sketches, covers, etc.















